Users Online
Patreon
Buy Characters on Patreon
And Support the game!
Naruto-Boards
Visit the
Naruto-Boards.site
The official Naruto Arena Forums.
Account
Welcome, Mestsxxx
View Profile
Control Panel
Change Title (NEW)
PlayerCard (NEW)
Change Avatar
Clan Panel
Custom Background
Reset Account
Logout
Mission Videos
Looking for mission team suggestions?
Check out the channels below:
 Fable (Youtube)
 Rizeth (Youtube)
Recent Mission Videos:
 Naruto-Arena | Unlocking Deva Path Pein (S) & Fukasaku and Shima (S)
 Naruto Arena - Unlocking Hiruko Sasori (S) | Shinobi Alliance Kankuro (S) (2025)
Ladder Videos
Looking for teams to rank up in Ladder Game?
Check out the channels below:
 SHAR (Youtube)
 DaniloSTB (Youtube)
Recent Ladder Videos:
 Naruto-Arena Classic | Becoming a Genin | New Player Teams
 NARUTO ARENA +26 STARTER TEAM
 NARUTO ARENA Top1 STREAK TEAM Secrets Revealed
 Naruto-Arena Classic - Ladder Games to Rank Up to Kage [Rank 46]
Characters and Skills

Naruto Arena > Game manual > Characters and Skills

Search Characters:

Naruto-Arena forces you to select 3 characters when you start a new game. This page gives you an overview of all characters available in the Naruto-Arena game. Not only can you view each character's skills, you can also discuss the characters by posting comments.

 Uzumaki Naruto
A Genin from Team 7, Naruto is an orphan with the goal to one day become Hokage. Using his signature move, Shadow Clones, Naruto is able to perform powerful moves such as the Uzumaki Naruto Combo and the Rasengan.
More about Uzumaki Naruto
 Haruno Sakura
A Genin from Team 7, Sakura is very intelligent, but self-conscious about herself. Having just recently received training from Tsunade, Sakura is now able to deliver powerful punches and heal her own allies.
More about Haruno Sakura
 Uchiha Sasuke
A Genin from Team 7, Sasuke is the lone survivor of the Uchiha clan and has sworn vengeance against his brother. Using his sharingan, Sasuke is able to anticipate incoming attacks and is capable of advanced offensive moves.
More about Uchiha Sasuke
 Inuzuka Kiba
A Genin from Team 8, Kiba is a member of the Inuzuka clan, and is both short-tempered and impulsive. Using his dog, Akamaru, Kiba is capable of powerful taijutsu or fusing with Akamaru to become a deadly double headed dog.
More about Inuzuka Kiba
 Aburame Shino
A Genin from Team 8, Shino is the successor of the Aburame clan, and a very reserved and tactical fighter. Using the bugs that live inside his body, Shino is able to leech the chakra off his enemies, or protect his entire team.
More about Aburame Shino
 Hyuuga Hinata
A Genin from Team 8, Hinata is the next in line in the Hyuuga clan, but she is shy and very withdrawn. Using the trademark Byakugan of the Hyuuga, Hinata is able to delicately target an enemy's Chakra Points while defending the team.
More about Hyuuga Hinata
 Nara Shikamaru
A Genin from Team 10, a member of the Nara clan, Shikamaru is considered to be the smartest Genin of all the Konoha 11. Using his bloodline, Shikamaru can manipulate the shadows in the battlefield to disable and attack his enemies.
More about Nara Shikamaru
 Akimichi Chouji
A Genin from Team 10, Chouji is a member of the Akimichi clan, a large eater, and a close friend to his allies. While innately strong, Chouji is able to sacrifice his own life using special pills from his clan to become insanely powerful.
More about Akimichi Chouji
 Yamanaka Ino
A Genin from Team 10, Ino is a member of the Yamanaka clan, and a very confident and vain girl. Ino is able to use a variety of abilities to take over and control her enemies, making it difficult to tell friend from foe.
More about Yamanaka Ino
 Tenten
A member of team Gai, Tenten is a tomboyish weapon specialist who believes a kunoichi can be as strong as a male ninja. In battle, Tenten surrounds the battlefield in weapons, using them for damage and for disabling her
More about Tenten
 Hyuuga Neji
A member of team Gai; Neji is the most talented member of the Hyuuga clan in both mind and body. Neji can use the most powerful techniques of his clan, shutting down an enemy's chakra or defending with an absolute defense.
More about Hyuuga Neji
 Rock Lee
A member of team Gai; Lee is a genin with no talent at all in ninjutsu or genjutsu, so he has focused his life all on taijutsu. With his powerful hand to hand techniques, Lee can crush any defense with his immense power.
More about Rock Lee
 Gaara of the Desert
A Jinchuuriki from the Village of Sand, Gaara is an unstable ninja with the Shukaku, the one-tailed beast. With the Shukaku, and his own abilities, Gaara can manipulate the sand in his gourd to crush the enemy, or defend himself.
More about Gaara of the Desert
 Kankuro
The brother of Gaara, and a master puppeeter, Kankuro is one of the three sand siblings. With his puppets, Kankuro is able to use the varied abilities hidden inside them to attack his enemies, or even protect himself.
More about Kankuro
 Temari
The elder sister of Gaara and Kankuro, Temari is a somewhat cruel and blunt ninja that fights using the wind at her side. With her fan, Temari can create powerful gusts of wind that she can manipulate at her desire.
More about Temari
 Tsuchi Kin
One of the three sound genin; Kin is a confident ninja that likes to toy with her enemies before finishing them off. Using a set of needles and bells, Kin has a number of different effects she can create to attack her enemies.
More about Tsuchi Kin
 Abumi Zaku
Abumi Zaku is one of the three sound genin sent to the chuunin exams. He was surgically altered with hollow tubes in his arms, allowing him to create waves of compressed air.
More about Abumi Zaku
 Kinuta Dosu
Perhaps the strongest of the three sound genin, Kinuta Dosu uses his implanted Melody Arm to amplify sound waves and increase the power of his taijutsu.
More about Kinuta Dosu
 Haku
The sole survivor of the Yuki clan, and the subordinate of Zabuza; Haku, despite being young, holds enough potential strength to surpass almost any ninja. Using his ice based bloodline, and his intelligence, Haku can attack and defend nearly simultaneously.
More about Haku
 Young Kakashi
A jounin at the age of 13 and the son of the legendary White Fang, Kakashi is a member of Team Minato. Using his early ninjutsu, and borrowed sharingan, Kakashi can fight any adult on an equal level.
More about Young Kakashi
 Uchiha Obito
A minor member of the Uchiha clan and a chuunin, Obito is a member of Team Minato. While Obito does not possess any singular powerful ability, he can use all of what he knows with his developing sharingan to put up a fight.
More about Uchiha Obito
 Nohara Rin
A chuunin medical nin assigned to Team Minato, Rin is a quiet and passive girl who focuses on keeping her team mates alive. Using her healing abilities, and her intelligence, Rin is able to heal her allies while trapping her enemies.
More about Nohara Rin
 Hyuuga Hanabi
The younger sister of Hinata, Hanabi is a Hyuuga clan member from the main branch family who trains endlessly to prove her worth. While young, Hanabi's skills surpass her elder sister's, and although unable to utilize her byakugan yet and lacking in physical strength, Hanabi makes up for it with her tenacity and speed.
More about Hyuuga Hanabi
 Demon Brothers
A duo of Mist Nin who work for Zabuza, the Demon Brothers specialize in assassinating their targets with their shuriken chain.
More about Demon Brothers
 Momochi Zabuza
Zabuza is a missing-nin from the Hidden Mist Village. He is a frightening opponent attacking his enemies out of the fog he creates.
More about Momochi Zabuza
 Oboro
A Rain Genin in the Chuunin exams, Oboro specializes in distracting his opponents with illusions and attacking when unexpected.
More about Oboro
 Shigure
A Genin from the Village of Rain, Shigure specializes in using his chakra to control needles hidden in his umbrellas.
More about Shigure
 Shiore Orochimaru
Originally a genin from the Hidden Grass Village attending the Chuunin Exams, Shiore was killed by Orochimaru shortly before the exams began. Orochimaru then took over Shiore's body and used it as a disguise in order to infiltrate the Chuunin Exams and scout out the potential of Uchiha Sasuke as a future vessel.
More about Shiore Orochimaru
 Jiroubou
Jiroubou is the largest member of the Sound four. His fighting style involves powerful physical attacks in combination with manipulation of earth.
More about Jiroubou
 Kidoumaru
Kidoumaru has spider-like skills. He has 6 arms and has the ability to create weapons and traps with a strange golden web-like liquid.
More about Kidoumaru
 Sakon
Sakon usually carries a strange head around on his back. This head turns out to be his brother Ukon, who can also exit Sakon and enter other bodies in order to destroy them.
More about Sakon
 Tayuya
Tayuyas only weapon is a flute with which she can cast Genjutsu or control three summoned demons, The Doki.
More about Tayuya
 Kimimaro
A member of the Sound Five, Kimimaro was the leader, and the strongest of the team before his illness. Kimimaro's bloodline grants him unstoppable offensive power, however, his illness is slowly killing him, giving him precious little time.
More about Kimimaro
 Touji Mizuki
An instructor for Konoha, Mizuki is a chuunin, and old friend of Iruka that over time grew jealous and petty. While Mizuki doesn't have any special abilities, he knows to instead be patient, and wait until the right time to strike.
More about Touji Mizuki
 Umino Iruka
Iruka is one of the instructors at the Konoha ninja academy. He is a well rounded ninja with diverse abilities and skills.
More about Umino Iruka
 Akadou Yoroi
Part of the three man team of Kabuto during the Chuunin Exams working as spies, Yoroi has a special ability that allows him to absorb his opponents energy.
More about Akadou Yoroi
 Tsurugi Misumi
A sound village genin that infiltrated Konoha as a spy, Misumi likes taking the initiative, preferring to be the first to strike in combat. With his unique abilities, Misumi can flex his muscles and bones, twisting them to wrap around his enemies, or even defend his allies.
More about Tsurugi Misumi
 Mitarashi Anko
Once a student of Orochimaru and a bearer of the Cursed Seal of Heaven, Anko is now a special Jounin who oversees the second portion of the Chuunin exams.
More about Mitarashi Anko
 Shizune
Shizune is the aid of Tsunade. A competent combatant using poisons and needles, she is also a highly skilled medic who is able to heal her allies.
More about Shizune
 Yakushi Kabuto
Kabuto was once found on the battlefield, was taught medical ninjutsu, and now assists Orochimaru. He uses his medical skill for both offence and defense.
More about Yakushi Kabuto
 Hatake Kakashi
Kakashi is the sensei of Naruto, Sakura, and Sasuke. With his Sharingan he is able to turn his foes skills back upon themselves and can cause severe damage with his Raikiri and Nin-Dogs skills.
More about Hatake Kakashi
 Yuhi Kurenai
Yuhi Kurenai is a jounin and team leader of Hinata, Shino and Kiba. She is a genjutsu master who is able to both disable and attack her enemies with illusions.
More about Yuhi Kurenai
 Sarutobi Asuma
Sarutobi Asuma is the leader of Team 10. He uses trench knives extended by his chakra to fight and protect his teammates.
More about Sarutobi Asuma
 Maito Gai
Gai is the sensei of Lee, Tenten and Neji. He and Lee both use the same fighting style, Strong Fist, which involves high-speed attacks and the opening of inner chakra gates.
More about Maito Gai
 Namikaze Minato
Known as Konoha's Yellow Flash, Minato is the leader of Team Minato. His style of combat is unique and he is a highly analytical and caring person.
More about Namikaze Minato
 Uzumaki Kushina
The mother of Uzumaki Naruto, wife to Minato and once the jinchuuriki to the nine-tailed fox. Kushina specializes in unique sealing and barrier techniques that can hinder and disable even the strongest of enemies.
More about Uzumaki Kushina
 Gekko Hayate
Gekko Hayate is a jounin and one of the instructors of the chuunin exams in Konoha. He is an intelligent Shinobi that distances himself from an enemy to use illusionary techniques.
More about Gekko Hayate
 Baki
Baki is the Jounin team leader of Gaara, Temari, and Kankuro. A mysterious and perhaps devious but loyal man, he specializes in wind element jutsu.
More about Baki
 Orochimaru
Orochimaru is one of the Legendary Sannin. He can increase his teams chakra for a price and summon powerful snakes to beat his enemies.
More about Orochimaru
 Jiraiya
Jiraiya is one of the Legendary Sannin. With his various frog-based jutsus he is able to both hinder and damage all of his opponents.
More about Jiraiya
 Tsunade
Tsunade is the Godaime Hokage and a Legendary Sannin. Her skill with medical ninjutsu allows her to do significant damage and heal herself and teammates.
More about Tsunade
 Sandaime Hokage
Sandaime Hokage, known as the God of Shinobi, was the strongest Kage to ever live. He is able to concentrate on one opponent while his summon, Enma, confronts others. When all else fails he can summon the death god.
More about Sandaime Hokage
 Shodai Hokage
The First Hokage and the founder of the Hidden Village of Konoha, Shodai Hokage has the ability to create and manipulate trees. This ability to give life shows the extent of his power.
More about Shodai Hokage
 Nidaime Hokage
Nidaime is the second Hokage and the grand uncle of Tsunade. He is very skilled with water jutsu, requiring no water source to perform them.
More about Nidaime Hokage
 Yondaime Hokage
The fourth Hokage was known as the yellow flash, regarded by all as the fastest shinobi to ever live. He is also the father of Uzumaki Naruto and the one who sealed the Kyuubi in his son.
More about Yondaime Hokage
 Gaara Rehabilitated
After his fateful encounter with Naruto, Gaara has left behind his murderous ways. He has become even more skilled with using sand since Naruto last saw him too.
More about Gaara Rehabilitated
 Drunken Lee
Rock Lee has accidentally drunk too much Alcohol and has awakened his natural Drunken Fist Technique which has given him amazing speed and unpredictability.
More about Drunken Lee
 Cursed Seal Mizuki
Touji Mizuki is now a missing nin that has been corrupted by his own dark ambitions and the will of Orochimaru.
More about Cursed Seal Mizuki
 Kyuubi Naruto
Drawing upon the strength of the Kyuubi demon sealed inside him, the power of Naruto explodes, and he becomes a virtual army onto himself.
More about Kyuubi Naruto
 Cursed Seal Sasuke
When Sasuke releases the full power of his cursed seal his body and chakra become a twisted vision of his inner self and his strength is amplified greatly.
More about Cursed Seal Sasuke
 Shukaku Gaara
Having lived inside him the whole time, Shukaku is one of the nine tailed beasts and is very eager to escape and cause chaos to the world. While Shukaku slowly takes over Gaara, his own power increases, allowing him to demolish his foes with powerful sand attacks.
More about Shukaku Gaara
 Hoshigaki Kisame
Formerly one of the Seven Swordsmen of the Mist Village, Kisame is an S-Rank missing nin. He is Itachi's partner and a member of a mysterious organization. Designed with Redxmaverick.
More about Hoshigaki Kisame
 Uchiha Itachi
The only other surviving Uchiha, Itachi is a master of doujutsu, an S-Rank missing nin, and a member of Akatsuki, having been partnered with Hoshigaki Kisame. Despite being powerful, Itachi is slowly going blind, making his abilities weaker, but when Itachi activates his Sharingan he becomes an unstoppable force of pure power.
More about Uchiha Itachi
 Uzumaki Naruto (S)
After nearly three years of secluded training with Jiraiya, Naruto(s) has returned to Konoha with a greatly improved arsenal of ninja skills.
More about Uzumaki Naruto (S)
 Haruno Sakura (S)
With her extensive training under Tsunade, the Godaime, for the last two and a half years, Sakura(s)'s healing and combat abilities have both greatly improved.
More about Haruno Sakura (S)
 Sai (S)
A current member of the elite ANBU Root, Sai(s) is an unparalleled artist who uses chakra to bring his images to life.
More about Sai (S)
 Inuzuka Kiba (S)
After two years, Kiba finally becomes a chuunin. Now with Akamaru grown up, they become an unbeatable fighting unit, taking the Inuzuka clan's techniques to the next level. Now both have more precision for massive attacks, and an even sharper sense of smell.
More about Inuzuka Kiba (S)
 Aburame Shino (S)
Still as mysterious and secretive as ever, Shino has improved greatly over the years, learning and practicing with his loyal bugs. With his new found mastery, Shino can disable enemies even harder while slowly waiting for his bugs to erupt from their bodies and destroy them.
More about Aburame Shino (S)
 Hyuuga Hinata (S)
Hinata(s) has taken the lessons she learned during the chuunin exam, and Naruto's words of support to heart in the last couple years. She has matured greatly as a ninja, the heir to the Hyuuga clan, and as a woman.
More about Hyuuga Hinata (S)
 Nara Shikamaru (S)
Once known to be one of the laziest ninja, Shikamaru has worked tireless to become not only stronger, but a leader too. More than ever before, Shikamaru excels at coming up with long winded and convoluted plans meant to defeat any enemies in his path.
More about Nara Shikamaru (S)
 Akimichi Chouji (S)
After nearly three years, Chouji has grown into a reliable ninja and is now a chuunin. His appetite has grown and so has his body, but now he is truly mastering the Akimichi clan techniques.
More about Akimichi Chouji (S)
 Yamanaka Ino (S)
In the past couple years Ino(s) has become a chuunin and improved her ability with her family's mind control techniques. During this time she also began learning rudimentary medical techniques.
More about Yamanaka Ino (S)
 Tenten (S)
After nearly three years Tenten(s) is now a chuunin. In this time she has improved the diversity and strength of her ranged arsenal.
More about Tenten (S)
 Hyuuga Neji (S)
The only one of the original genins to make it to the level of jounin, Neji(s) has greatly increased his ability with both byakugan and gentle fist taijutsu.
More about Hyuuga Neji (S)
 Rock Lee (S)
Now a chuunin, Lee has trained endlessly with Gai, and not only learned new abilities, but has learned what it truly means to fight. In battle, Lee now fights for his friends and allies, growing stronger as they fall around him.
More about Rock Lee (S)
 Hatake Kakashi (S)
Kakashi(s) has used the last couple years to improve upon his sharingan, giving him access to a new deadly but costly ability.
More about Hatake Kakashi (S)
 Yamato (S)
Yamato(s) is a member of ANBU whose real name is unknown. Given the code name Yamato(s) by Tsunade for this mission, he is tasked to lead Team 7 while Kakashi recovers.
More about Yamato (S)
 Maito Gai (S)
Team 9's Professor is back! Gai improved his techniques and strength much more. And now he will use all possible techniques to defeat Akatsuki. Whether releasing Hachimon Tonkou or using extreme taijutsu techniques.
More about Maito Gai (S)
 Sarutobi Asuma (S)
Somehow continuing to avoid lung cancer, Asuma has remained the leader of Team 10 through the years. With the secret techniques of the fire temple, Asuma is able to attack and defend while waiting for the opportune moment to slice some heads off.
More about Sarutobi Asuma (S)
 Yamashiro Aoba (S)
Aoba is one of the special jounins of the Hidden Leaf Village. By summoning crows, he is able to distract enemies, protect allies, and all while disguising himself among them to create openings for stealth attacks. In addition, Aoba is also able to penetrate the minds of his enemies to obtain information.
More about Yamashiro Aoba (S)
 Izumo and Kotetsu (S)
Part of the Nijuu Shoutai, Izumo and Kotetsu are almost always found together and work together excellently as a combat team.
More about Izumo and Kotetsu (S)
 Inuzuka Tsume (S)
A Konoha jounin, a member of the Inuzuka clan, and the mother of Kiba, Tsume, much like her son, is a wild and impatient woman with an often odd sense of humor. Like other members of her clan, Tsume fights one with her companion, Kuromaru, while allowing her wild instincts to take over.
More about Inuzuka Tsume (S)
 Yamanaka Inoichi (S)
Yamanaka Inoichi (S) is the father of Ino and the leader of the Yamanaka clan. He is a jounin and a member of the Konoha interrogation squad.
More about Yamanaka Inoichi (S)
 Morino Ibiki (S)
Morino Ibiki (S) is a jounin and the designer of the chuunin exams. He is the leader of the Konoha interrogation squad.
More about Morino Ibiki (S)
 Akimichi Chouza (S)
Akimichi Chouza (S) is the leader of the Akimichi clan and the father of Chouji. He is a jounin and he is skilled in all of his clan's secret techniques.
More about Akimichi Chouza (S)
 Hyuuga Hiashi (S)
Head of the Hyuuga clan, and father to both Hinata and Hanabi, Hiashi is a strict, but caring man who would do anything for his clan. In battle, there is no equal when it comes to mastering the Hyuuga clan abilitie
More about Hyuuga Hiashi (S)
 Nara Shikaku (S)
The father of Nara Shikamaru, and the head of the Nara clan, Shikaku is a cool-headed Jounin of Konoha who will go to any lengths to protect his friends and family. In battle, Shikaku is merciless, combining his impressive shadow imitation skills with his unparalleled intellect to grab victory for his team.
More about Nara Shikaku (S)
 Aburame Torune (S)
A member of the Aburame clan, and a member of Anbu Root, Torune can almost be said to have no personality of his own, other than his undying loyalty to Danzo. Unlike other members of his clan, Torune employs a unique type of bug that lets him outright destroy both flesh and chakra.
More about Aburame Torune (S)
 Yamanaka Fu (S)
Yamanaka Fu (S) is a member of the Yamanaka clan and a member of Anbu Root. Fu is a skilled genjutsu user and the partner of Torune.
More about Yamanaka Fu (S)
 Shimura Danzo (S)
Shimura Danzo (S) is the leader of the hidden root organization in Konoha and one of the village elders. Danzo operates in the shadows dedicated to Konoha no matter the cost.
More about Shimura Danzo (S)
 Chiyo (S)
The grandmother of Sasori(s) and elder ninja of the Sand Village, Chiyo is a well known and accomplished puppet master and builder.
More about Chiyo (S)
 Kankuro (S)
In the last couple years Kankuro(s) has become a Jounin and has created a new puppet. He is now able to harness three puppets at once and is a more versatile combatant.
More about Kankuro (S)
 Kazekage Gaara (S)
After a few short years and much soul-searching, Gaara(s) has risen to be his village's Kazekage. Rather than destroying others he now protects those he cares about to prove his existence.
More about Kazekage Gaara (S)
 Temari (S)
Temari (S) has grown over the years. She is now a Jounin as well as the sister of Kankuro and Gaara. Temari is also the Hidden Sand Village's ambassador to the Hidden Leaf Village.
More about Temari (S)
 Maki (S)
Maki is a kunoichi of the Hidden Sand Village and the student of Pakura. Maki is also a member of the Allied Shinobi Forces' Sealing Squad. Original Pics by: Pain_Alagoano
More about Maki (S)
 Uzuki Yugao
A member of Konoha's Anbu faction, Yugao was the lover of Gekkou Hayate before his untimely death, and is a hard-working, dedicated, and tender person. Yugao fights using powerful genjutsu-enhanced swordsmanship, and is also proficient in the use of sealing techniques to disable her enemies.
More about Uzuki Yugao
 Akatsuchi (S)
Akatsuchi (S) is a shinobi of the Hidden Rock Village. Akatsuchi is a powerful shinobi who uses brute strength and earth style jutsus in combat.
More about Akatsuchi (S)
 Kurotsuchi (S)
Kurotsuchi (S) is a shinobi of the Hidden Rock Village and the Partner of Akatsuchi. She is also the granddaughter of the third Tsuchikage.
More about Kurotsuchi (S)
 Nii Yugito (S)
A kunoichi from Kumogakure, Nii Yugito holds within her the two-tailed beast. She has full control over the bijuu Nibi, and is able to transform into it and use its powers to fight.
More about Nii Yugito (S)
 Killer Bee (S)
Killer Bee (S) is the jinchuriki from Kumogakure. Bee (S) is referred to as the hero of Kumogakure and possess immense physical strength as well as being an expert swordsmen.
More about Killer Bee (S)
 Hachibi Bee (S)
Having fully bonded with and gained control of the Eight-Tails, Gyuuki, and thus having become what is known as a perfect jinchuuriki, Killer Bee is able to use its abilities to their fullest extent. Using the Eight-Tails' protective chakra to gradually become much stronger, Bee can run a rampage on the battlefield.
More about Hachibi Bee (S)
 Darui (S)
Darui (S) is a jounin of the Hidden Cloud Village and the right hand of the Yondaime Raikage. Despite his appearance Darui (S) is a formidable shinobi.
More about Darui (S)
 Omoi (S)
One of the ninjas in the cloud village, and one of the biggest swordsmen in the village. Omoi is usually concerned, but at the same time, skilled and apprehensive. In addition to good fencing, Omoi is able to execute strikes with the lightning element.
More about Omoi (S)
 Shee (S)
Shee (S) is a jounin of the Hidden Cloud Village and a sensor. Shee is one of the Raikage's most reliable shinobi.
More about Shee (S)
 Ao (S)
Ao (S) is a hunter-nin of the Hidden Mist Village and a skilled sensor. Ao is a veteran shinobi who has been in many battles, one of his spoils of war is the byakugan he possesses.
More about Ao (S)
 Chojuro (S)
Chojuro (S) confidence is building as the war rages one. The longer it lasts the stronger Chojuro (S) becomes.
More about Chojuro (S)
 Four Tail Kyuubi Naruto (S)
After completely giving into his anger and manifesting a fourth tail, Naruto ceases to be himself. In this state, Naruto's own body is completely overtaken by a deep, dense Nine-Tails chakra cloak, and at the cost of huge internal damage, Naruto becomes a mindless monster; a being of pure rage and destruction.
More about Four Tail Kyuubi Naruto (S)
 Jiraiya (S)
Jiraiya (S) is one of the legendary Sannin that were trained by the third Hokage. Also known as the toad sage, he has been Uzumaki Naruto's teacher for the past few years.
More about Jiraiya (S)
 Sennin Jiraiya (S)
Sennin Jiraiya (S) uses sage chakra to improve his speed, strength, and skills. The only downfall is that it alters his appearance similar to that of a toad and makes him unappealing to women, which makes it a last resort for the pervy sage.
More about Sennin Jiraiya (S)
 Fukasaku and Shima (S)
Fukasaku and Shima (S) are known as the two great sage toads of Mount Myoboku. They taught both Jiraiya and Naruto sage jutsu and are each skilled in elemental techniques as well as genjutsu techniques.
More about Fukasaku and Shima (S)
 Sennin Naruto (S)
Sennin Naruto (S) has trained on Mount Myoboku with Fukasaku and Shima. Naruto has become one of the most powerful individuals in the ninja world.
More about Sennin Naruto (S)
 Orochimaru (S)
Orochimaru is in the last year of his current body's useful life, so he rushes to take over Sasuke's body. His combat skills remain incredible. He is able to generate and control immense hordes of snakes and also regenerate easily.
More about Orochimaru (S)
 Yakushi Kabuto (S)
After two years, Kabuto remains Orochimaru's subordinate and Sasori's spy. His medical skills continue to improve, in addition to being able to use his current chakra to attack, Kabuto can use the chakra to heal himself instantly.
More about Yakushi Kabuto (S)
 Uchiha Sasuke (S)
Uchiha Sasuke (S) has spent the last 2 years training under Orochimaru. He is now an expert swordsman and has immensely developed his lightning element techniques. His demeanor has also grown very cold and he is one of the most dangerous individuals in the ninja world.
More about Uchiha Sasuke (S)
 Hozuki Suigetsu (S)
Hozuki Suigetsu (S) is a native of Kirigakure who was once a captive of Orochimaru. He is a dangerous individual with unique abilities and now follows Uchiha Sasuke.
More about Hozuki Suigetsu (S)
 Karin (S)
Karin is a former subordinate of Orochimaru who oversaw one of his secret laboratories. She is a skilled sensor and master of chakra control who now follows Uchiha Sasuke.
More about Karin (S)
 Juugo (S)
Juugo (S) is the origin of the cursed seal and now follows Sasuke. He can either be a calm natured person or a psychotic lunatic.
More about Juugo (S)
 Cursed Seal Juugo (S)
Cursed Seal Juugo (S) is fully transformed and no longer recognizable. Becoming a psychotic lunatic Juugo is able to maintain absurd amounts of chakra making him nearly impossible to defeat.
More about Cursed Seal Juugo (S)
 Mangekyou Sasuke (S)
Mangekyou Sasuke (S), Sasuke after defeating his older brother Itachi has gained the mangekyou sharingan. Sasuke is now a member of the Akatsuki, and also the leader of the newly created Team Taka, whose goal is to destroy the Hidden Leaf.
More about Mangekyou Sasuke (S)
 Susanoo Sasuke (S)
Sasuke takes control of the powerful Susano'o, achieving a high level of strength with an unimaginable impenetrable defense. He can also still use other techniques of his Mangekyo Sharingan.
More about Susanoo Sasuke (S)
 Raikage (S)
Ay is the fourth Raikage of Hidden Cloud Ninja and supreme leader of the Shinobi Alliance. Son of the Third Raikage, he is also Killer Bee's older brother.
More about Raikage (S)
 Mizukage (S)
Terumi Mei is the Fifth Mizukage, after the dreadful reign of Yagura Karatachi ended, she became Mizukage and worked tirelessly to reform internal policies and recreate diplomatic relations with other villages
More about Mizukage (S)
 Tsuchikage (S)
The Third Tsuchikage of the Hidden Rock Village, Oonoki is an intensely proud and headstrong man, despite his advanced age. An expert in a variety of jutsu, and notably able to fly, Oonoki is renowned for his unique nature transformation, the Dust Release kekkei tota, with which he can outright vaporize his enemies.
More about Tsuchikage (S)
 Tsunade (S)
No longer just a Sannin, Tsunade is the new Kage of Konoha, and has taken a large amount of responsibility on her shoulders. Knowing that holding back is no longer an option, Tsunade taps into her seal to gain an impressive power over her foes.
More about Tsunade (S)
 Mifune (S)
Mifune is a samurai and leader of the Land of Iron, and now in the war he is the commander of the fourth division. His unmatched swordsmanship makes him capable of attacking and counterattacking any enemy regardless of how fast their movements are.
More about Mifune (S)
 Senju Hashirama
A member of the Senju clan, and one of the greatest warriors during the Warring States Period who went on to create Konoha. Even before becoming the Hokage, Hashirama proved his power and ability with his unmatched Wood Release jutsus.
More about Senju Hashirama
 Uchiha Madara
The once leader of the Uchiha clan during the founding of Konoha who unfortunately disagreed with Konoha's kage on how to achieve peace. Madara was one of the few ninjas capable of matching Hashirama's power, with the use of his Mangekyou and Susanoo.
More about Uchiha Madara
 Uchiha Shisui (S)
A member of the prestigious Uchiha clan, and the best friend of Uchiha Itachi; Shisui is a highly trained ninja that is utterly devoted to Konoha. Shisui is one of the few known ninjas capable of using one the most powerful genjutsu: Koto Amatsukami.
More about Uchiha Shisui (S)
 Utakata (S)
A missing-nin from the Hidden Mist Village, Utakata is the jinchuuriki host of the Six-Tailed Beast, Saiken, and a kind person, though fairly distant most of the time. In battle, Utakata uses the powers of the Six-Tails to create chakra-based soap bubbles in which he can trap his enemies and slowly asphyxiate them.
More about Utakata (S)
 Karatachi Yagura
The Fourth Mizukage of the Hidden Mist Village, Yagura is also the jinchuuriki host of the Three-Tailed Beast, Isobu. A tragic character manipulated by "Uchiha Madara" throughout his infamously bloody reign, Yagura uses the Three-Tails' unique mist and coral-based abilities in battle to efficiently hinder his enemies.
More about Karatachi Yagura
 Deidara (S)
An akatsuki former rock ninja partner and apprentice of Sasori. Deidara is quite eccentric when it comes to art. His skill with clay allows him to create explosive sculptures, whether large, medium or small.
More about Deidara (S)
 Hiruko Sasori (S)
Hiruko is a puppet used by the Akatsuki shinobi, Sasori. Serving as a 'puppet armor', it allowed Sasori to hide inside of it. Hiruko is a human puppet made from the corpse of a renowned shinobi - this puppet is also Sasori's favorite.
More about Hiruko Sasori (S)
 Kisame Body Double (S)
By using one of Pein's techniques a Sand Nin spy for Akatsuki is changed to look like Kisame. The body double is controlled by Kisame but only has a third of his chakra.
More about Kisame Body Double (S)
 Itachi Body Double (S)
By using one of Pein's techniques a Sand Nin spy for Akatsuki is changed to look like Itachi. The body double is controlled by Itachi but only has a third of his chakra.
More about Itachi Body Double (S)
 Sasori of the Red Sand (S)
Sasori is a senior Akatsuki member and a legendary puppet master. He is even rumored to have defeated an entire nation with puppets alone. ORIGINAL DESIGN: Pavera
More about Sasori of the Red Sand (S)
 True Form Sasori
Pushed to his limit, Sasori reveals the secret of his eternally young body: he has turned himself into a puppet with a living "core" that now makes up the entirety of his being. Using his own body as a weapon, Sasori also pulls out Chikamatsu's legendary Hundred Puppets, rumored to be able to bring down an entire nation.
More about True Form Sasori
 Hidan (S)
Hidan(s) is a member of Akatsuki and a worshiper of the obscure god Jashin. He is apparently immortal and has perhaps the foulest mouth of the entire criminal organization.
More about Hidan (S)
 Kakuzu (S)
A missing-nin of mysterious talents and a member of Akatsuki, Kakuzu(s) is certainly older than he appears. He seems to only be concerned with money and the bounties which provide him with it.
More about Kakuzu (S)
 Hoshigaki Kisame (S)
Hoshigake Kisame (S) is the partner of Uchiha Itachi in Akatsuki. He is an expert swordsman and missing nin from the Hidden Mist Village.
More about Hoshigaki Kisame (S)
 Samehada Fusion Kisame (S)
After merging with the sentient blade Samehada, Kisame transforms into a monstrous shark-like being. In this form, he reigns supreme underwater, draining chakra upon contact and relentlessly hunting his prey within a vast, moving prison of water.
More about Samehada Fusion Kisame (S)
 Uchiha Itachi (S)
Uchiha Itachi (S) is a member of Akatsuki, and the brother of Uchiha Sasuke. He has mastered the sharingan completely.
More about Uchiha Itachi (S)
 Susanoo Itachi (S)
After using Amaterasu and Tsukuyomi, Itachi awakened his triumph, Susanoo, and became even stronger, both defensively with his Yata Mirror and offensively with his Totsuka Sword capable of sealing an opponent.
More about Susanoo Itachi (S)
 Konan (S)
Konan (S) is a member of Akatsuki and a master of origami ninjutsu, earning her the title God's Angel in Amegakure. Able to turn her body into thick sheets of paper, she is capable of multiple forms of attack.
More about Konan (S)
 Nagato (S)
Nagato is the leader of Akatsuki and is also known as Pein. He is in control of the six paths of Pein and was a former student of Jiraiya. Nagato possess the rinnegan and may be the strongest ninja in the shinobi world.
More about Nagato (S)
 Animal Path Pein (S)
Animal Path Pein (S) is one of the six paths of Pein. This Path is able to summon a variety of different beasts for different purposes.
More about Animal Path Pein (S)
 Female Animal Path Pein (S)
One of Nagato's Six Paths of Pain, the Female Animal Path is a relentless and tactical combatant who overwhelms her enemies through the summoning of massive, destructive creatures. Calm and emotionless, she specializes in battlefield control, using her summons to pressure multiple opponents at once while remaining difficult to pin down.
More about Female Animal Path Pein (S)
 Asura Path Pein (S)
Asura Path Pein (S) is one of the six paths of Pein. His body style is similar to a puppet filled with hidden weapons.
More about Asura Path Pein (S)
 Human Path Pein (S)
Human Path Pein (S) is one of the six paths of Pein. This path is a mind reader and gathers intel for the other paths.
More about Human Path Pein (S)
 Preta Path Pein (S)
Preta Path Pein (S) is one of the six paths of Pein. This path is able to nulify jutsus and is used mostly for defensive tactics.
More about Preta Path Pein (S)
 Naraka Path Pein (S)
Naraka Path Pein (S) is one of the six paths of Pein. This path is able to interrogate it's enemies at will. Naraka Path Pein (S) can also give life as well as take it.
More about Naraka Path Pein (S)
 Deva Path Pein (S)
Deva Path Pein (S) is one of the six paths of Pein. This path is able to use itself as the epicenter of magnetism to attract or repel all objects. This path holds the most power and is the main force in battle for Pein.
More about Deva Path Pein (S)
 Zetsu (S)
Zetsu (S) is intent to follow Tobi's orders. With his abilities he will be trouble for anyone that comes across him.
More about Zetsu (S)
 White Zetsu (S)
A countless army born from Hashirama's cells—harmless in appearance, deadly in numbers. Character submited by: Akats.
More about White Zetsu (S)
 Tobi (S)
Tobi is the leader of Akatsuki, as well as an Uchiha. He possesses dimensional skills, being able to suck his targets into his dimension or use the Uchihas' forbidden techniques.
More about Tobi (S)
 Masked Man
Not much is known about the Masked Man, other than his uncontrollable hatred for the Leaf Village. After extracting the Kyuubi from Kushina, Masked Man is able to summon the Nine Tails Beast into the battlefield, while also being able to use his other unknown techniques.
More about Masked Man
 Konan of the Rain (S)
Konan of the Rain (S) has returned to the Hidden Rain village. Now that Uzumaki Nagato is dead she is aligned with Uzumaki Naruto and his quest for peace.
More about Konan of the Rain (S)
 Shinobi Alliance Naruto (S)
Having gained complete control of all of the kyuubi's chakra, Naruto will be sure to rampage over every battlefield he comes across.
More about Shinobi Alliance Naruto (S)
 Shinobi Alliance Sakura (S)
With her extensive training under Tsunade for the last two and a half years, Sakura has gained a greater understanding of healing and the human body. While Sakura's physical strength and healing prowess have both increased, her greatest ability is a powerful chakra storing seal taught to her by Tsunade.
More about Shinobi Alliance Sakura (S)
 Shinobi Alliance Sai (S)
Sai became capable of using a wider variety of techniques after improving his skills with his animal paintings. Besides that, Sai carries with him his powerful Sealing Technique.
More about Shinobi Alliance Sai (S)
 Shinobi Alliance Kakashi (S)
Kakashi, as one of the squad leaders, goes to war alongside all the ninjas. Now, he uses everything at his disposal to win. Besides himself, Kakashi can rely on his allies.
More about Shinobi Alliance Kakashi (S)
 Shinobi Alliance Shikamaru (S)
Shikamaru, now in the war. He remains a good and talented ninja, using his shadows more effectively, in addition to using the help of his allies very well, and forcing his enemies to help him too.
More about Shinobi Alliance Shikamaru (S)
 Shinobi Alliance Chouji (S)
After nearly three years, Chouji has developed in both strength and size, mastering the Akimichi clan techniques. No longer does Chouji need the Akimichi pills to tap into his true strength, instead, he merely needs to control his chakra and become a force to reckon with.
More about Shinobi Alliance Chouji (S)
 Shinobi Alliance Ino (S)
Not one to be left behind, Ino has trained non-stop to improve her abilities and teamwork. With her improved techniques, Ino can not only control her enemies, but her allies too all while seeing everything on the battlefield.
More about Shinobi Alliance Ino (S)
 Shinobi Alliance Shino (S)
Shino evolves, enhancing his intellect and his Aburame clan abilities. Shino remains calm and, at the same time, cold. His parasites can now destroy any layer, enemy, or defense, and he can also use them as a defense at any moment.
More about Shinobi Alliance Shino (S)
 Shinobi Alliance Hinata (S)
Hinata will also take part in the war. Together with her allies, she will destroy any enemy that tries to attack using her new technique, Gentle Step Twin Lion Fists, along with her Byakugan.
More about Shinobi Alliance Hinata (S)
 Shinobi Alliance Kiba (S)
Now in the war, Kiba is one of the most powerful close-range combatants. Utilizing the vast arsenal of the Inuzuka clan, Kiba can combat even colossal enemies with Akamaru and their tornado fang.
More about Shinobi Alliance Kiba (S)
 Shinobi Alliance Gaara (S)
Despite his youth and inexperience, the young Kazekage is made Commander-in-Chief of the Shinobi Alliance at the outbreak of the Fourth Shinobi World War. Fearlessly carrying this great responsibility, Gaara is ready to prove himself to the world, empowered by the loving spirit of his mother hidden within his sand.
More about Shinobi Alliance Gaara (S)
 Shinobi Alliance Temari (S)
At the outset of the Fourth Shinobi World War, Temari is placed in the Fourth Division. Although Gaara is officially in command of the division and Shikamaru is in Gaara's proxy, Temari is the one who leads the division on the battlefield, including personally commanding the division's Wind Release combat unit.
More about Shinobi Alliance Temari (S)
 Shinobi Alliance Kankuro (S)
During the Fourth Shinobi World War, Kankurou is put in charge of the Surprise Attack Division, leading his squad as a guerrilla unit. Heading into the war, Kankurou greatly expanded his arsenal, adding the puppets of Sasori and his parents, and will fight using all his weapons in perfect tandem with each other.
More about Shinobi Alliance Kankuro (S)
 Edo Tensei Deidara (S)
Edo Tensei Deidara (S) has been revived and is immediately sent out to battle. Fighting on the front lines is nothing new to this old soul.
More about Edo Tensei Deidara (S)
 Edo Tensei Pakura (S)
Edo Tensei Pakura (S) was a revered shinobi of the Hidden Sand in the past. So much so that she was revived against her will to participate in the fourth shinobi world war.
More about Edo Tensei Pakura (S)
 Edo Tensei Sasori (S)
Edo Tensei Sasori (S) has been resurrected in the ageless body that he had always wanted during his life. He is sent out to the battlefield in Akatsuki's ambush squad.
More about Edo Tensei Sasori (S)
 Edo Tensei Haku (S)
Edo Tensei Haku (S) is not sure why he is among the living again but his dream of protecting Zabuza pushes him to go all out.
More about Edo Tensei Haku (S)
 Edo Tensei Zabuza (S)
Edo Tensei Zabuza (S) has been summoned from the dead against his will. His unique abilities will surely be put to use on the battlefield. Pics by: Pain_Alagoano
More about Edo Tensei Zabuza (S)
 Edo Tensei Mangetsu (S)
Reanimated by Kabuto during the Fourth Shinobi World War as one of the Seven Swordsmen of the Mist, Mangetsu was widely feared as the 'Second Coming of the Demon'. The older brother of Suigetsu, Mangetsu primarily used the Twin Sword, Hiramekarei, though he was famously a master of all seven blades.
More about Edo Tensei Mangetsu (S)
 Edo Tensei Jinpachi (S)
Edo Tensei Jinpachi (S) is one of the previous Seven Swordsmen of the Mist and a particularly cruel individual.
More about Edo Tensei Jinpachi (S)
 Edo Tensei Jinin (S)
Edo Tensei Jinin (S) is a former member of the seven swordsman of the mist. Using his sword Kabutowari he will demonstrate the power of the previous generation on the battttle.
More about Edo Tensei Jinin (S)
 Edo Tensei Ameyuri (S)
Edo Tensei Ameyuri (S) has been summoned from the dead to participate in the fourth ninja war. She wields the dual sharpest swords ever made.
More about Edo Tensei Ameyuri (S)
 Edo Tensei Fuguki (S)
Reanimated by Kabuto during the Fourth Shinobi World War as one of the Seven Swordsmen of the Mist, Fuguki used to wield the Shark-Skin Blade, Samehada. A merciless man of few morals, Fuguki uniquely fights using his magnificent mane of red hair as a weapon, dynamically manipulating it to dominate his enemies.
More about Edo Tensei Fuguki (S)
 Edo Tensei Chiyo (S)
Edo Tensei Chiyo (S) has been summoned back from the afterlife. She may not like it but she will do her best to help her opponents out with information while she is forced to fight.
More about Edo Tensei Chiyo (S)
 Edo Tensei Hanzo (S)
Edo Tensei Hanzo (S) has been summoned back from the dead in the middle of a battlefield and he is not happy about it. Edo Hanzo (S) will engage anyone that crosses his path as he did when he was alive.
More about Edo Tensei Hanzo (S)
 Edo Tensei Kinkaku (S)
Edo Tensei Kinkaku (S) is one half of the Gold and Silver brothers, said to have been swallowed by Kyuubi and gaining its' Chakra, Kinkaku uses his chakra and legendary tools to fight.
More about Edo Tensei Kinkaku (S)
 Edo Tensei Ginkaku (S)
Edo Tensei Ginkaku (S) is one half of the legendary gold and silver brothers of the Hidden Cloud Village. They were the most notorious criminals in the history of the Hidden Cloud.
More about Edo Tensei Ginkaku (S)
 Edo Tensei Nagato (S)
Edo Tensei Nagato (S) has been summoned to do battle. He is fully aware of the fact that he is being controlled again as he was while he was living.
More about Edo Tensei Nagato (S)
 ET Sandaime Raikage (S)
Edo Tensei Sandaime Raikage (S) is not pleased to be back among the living and forced to do battle. He does however have faith that the new generation of shinobi can defeat him and his peers.
More about ET Sandaime Raikage (S)
 Edo Tensei Muu (S)
Muu, the Second Tsuchikage, was revived against his will to fight. He is a skilled spy, capable of infiltrating the battlefield undetected, in addition to his Kekkei Touta, the atomic detachment, capable of turning enemies into dust in a matter of moments.
More about Edo Tensei Muu (S)
 ET Nidaime Mizukage (S)
Edo Tensei Nidaime Mizukage (S) has been resurrected against his will to do battle. He does not want to hurt anyone but he is interested in the potential of the new generation. He will test their limits with his own skill.
More about ET Nidaime Mizukage (S)
 Edo Tensei Itachi (S)
One of the five past Akatsuki members reanimated by Kabuto during the Fourth Shinobi World War, Itachi sees this as an opportunity to pursue his true goals and set things right with Naruto and Sasuke. Freeing himself from Kabuto's shackles, Itachi unleashes the full power of the Uchiha with his deathless body.
More about Edo Tensei Itachi (S)
 ET Susanoo Itachi (S)
Having been reanimated once more, Itachi now manifests the full power of his Susanoo in battle. Shielded by the Yata Mirror and wielding the sealing Totsuka Blade, he becomes a relentless force that blends absolute defense with lethal precision.
More about ET Susanoo Itachi (S)
 Edo Tensei Yota (S)
A young child from a nomadic clan, Yota died at an early age, but was revived through Edo Tensei by Orochimaru and kept alive for years as a test subject. A curious, naïve, and sensitive boy, Yota can manipulate the weather around himself, and is deployed by Kabuto to fight in the Fourth Shinobi World War.
More about Edo Tensei Yota (S)
 Edo Tensei Jiroubou (S)
Reanimated by Kabuto during the Fourth Shinobi World War along with his Sound Four teammates, Jiroubou is back on the battlefield, and is out for blood. With immense brute force through his mastery of the Cursed Seal, as well as his Earth Release and chakra absorption techniques, Jiroubou is a threat to anyone.
More about Edo Tensei Jiroubou (S)
 Edo Tensei Kidoumaru (S)
Reanimated by Kabuto during the Fourth Shinobi World War along with his Sound Four teammates, Kidoumaru is happy to be back in action and wreaking havoc once again. Terrorizing the battlefield with his many spider-based jutsu, enhanced by his Cursed Seal, Kidoumaru is a menace to all who cross his path.
More about Edo Tensei Kidoumaru (S)
 Edo Tensei Sakon (S)
Reanimated by Kabuto during the Fourth Shinobi World War along with their Sound Four teammates, Sakon and Ukon relish being on the battlefield once again. Dynamically splitting and merging their bodies through the use of their Cursed Seal, the twins fight as a powerful unit, showing no mercy to anyone.
More about Edo Tensei Sakon (S)
 Edo Tensei Tayuya (S)
Edo Tensei Tayuya was resurrected by Kabuto as a cruel battlefield conductor, her malice and arrogance undimmed by death. She uses her cursed flute to summon demonic warriors and unravel enemies through sound-based genjutsu and mental pressure. As the fight drags on, her control tightens, turning chaos into a carefully orchestrated nightmare.
More about Edo Tensei Tayuya (S)
 Edo Tensei Kimimaro (S)
Edo Tensei Kimimaro was resurrected by Kabuto as an unfeeling weapon of war, his loyalty and discipline preserved even beyond death. He wields the Shikotsumyaku Kekkei Genkai to turn his own skeleton into blades and armor, growing stronger the longer he remains unbroken. Every strike hardens his defenses, and every moment of restraint builds toward an inevitable, bone-shattering end.
More about Edo Tensei Kimimaro (S)
 White Snake Kabuto (S)
Following Orochimaru's death at the hands of Sasuke, Kabuto got access to his master's DNA, implanting it in his body and eventually gaining many freakish, snake-like features. In his new form, Kabuto allies himself with Tobi to wage war on the shinobi world, controlling the Edo Tensei forces from the shadows.
More about White Snake Kabuto (S)
 Edo Tensei Fuu (S)
Reanimated by Kabuto during the Fourth Shinobi World War, Fuu has had the Seven-Tails, Choumei, sealed back inside her. Having been made into one of Tobi's new Six Paths of Pain along with the other fallen jinchuuriki, Fuu is under his full control, skillfully utilizing the Seven-Tails' various insect abilities.
More about Edo Tensei Fuu (S)
 Edo Tensei Yugito (S)
Reanimated by Kabuto during the Fourth Shinobi World War, Yugito has had the Two-Tails, Matatabi, sealed back inside her. Having been made into one of Tobi's new Six Paths of Pain along with the other fallen jinchuuriki, Yugito is under his full control, fighting her foes using the Two-Tails' fiery feline powers.
More about Edo Tensei Yugito (S)
 Edo Tensei Yagura (S)
Resurrected through Edo Tensei, Yagura retains perfect control over the Three-Tails' power. His Water Mirror techniques allow him to capture, store, and return enemy techniques with deadly precision, turning an opponent’s own strength against them while remaining nearly untouchable.
More about Edo Tensei Yagura (S)
 Young Kushina
Kushina is a survivor of the Hidden Whirlpool Village's famed Uzumaki clan, and an immigrant into the Hidden Leaf Village after her own village's downfall. Due to her tomboyish and violent nature, and her bright red colored hair, Kushina is known as the "Red-Hot Habanero" as she constantly gets into trouble.
More about Young Kushina